remove deprecations mssql (#39734)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-mssql/operators.rst

.. _howto/operator:MsSqlOperator:

Connect to MSSQL using SQLExecuteQueryOperator
==============================================

The purpose of this guide is to define tasks involving interactions with the MSSQL database using SQLExecuteQueryOperator.

Use the :class:`SQLExecuteQueryOperator <airflow.providers.common.sql.operators.sql>` to execute
SQL commands in MSSQL database.

.. warning::
    Previously, MsSqlOperator was used to perform this kind of operation. But at the moment MsSqlOperator is deprecated and will be removed in future versions of the provider. Please consider to switch to SQLExecuteQueryOperator as soon as possible.

Common Database Operations with SQLExecuteQueryOperator
-------------------------------------------------------

> To use the mssql operator to carry out SQL request, two parameters are required: ``sql`` and ``conn_id``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the SQLExecuteQueryOperator to execute SQL queries against an MSSQL database, two parameters are required: ``sql`` and ``conn_id``.
```

Author: yes @RNHTTR
